[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Thank you for
your timelessness.
[ECHOING VOICE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You have your own reasons for
why you chose to be where you
are on Earth.
It is an adventure, an
adventure that you can allow.
Let go of judgment, and start
walking taller and lighter
on the Earth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Be your part of all that is
in all the ways you wish to be.
That's your birthright.
It is your soul right.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right.
Here we are, another wonderful
episode of "Interview with ED,"
and I have the super
famous Darryl Anka here.
>> Thank you.
>> Your work and
your channelings,
and everything you do has just
been a huge inspiration for me,
one of the big
inspirations of the show.
>> Thank you.
>> So I'm finally glad to
be sitting here with you.
>> Thank you for doing it.
It's a wonderful opportunity.
I appreciate it.
I've seen many
interviews, and I think
many people have seen your
interviews of your origin
story--
>> Sure.
>> --in "First Contact" or film,
so we're going to kind of skim
over a little bit of that stuff.
>> Great.
>> If that's OK.
>> Let's do some new stuff.
>> First off, through the
show, I'm formulating a library
of different ET races, and we've
touched on the Sassani a little
bit.
But just to hear it
from you, maybe you
could give us a little
bit about that archetype
and who they are without
going full into the story.
>> OK.
Yeah.
They are considered
a hybrid species
between what are
called the Grays
and humans on Earth, in a
sense an artificial race,
so to speak.
Not that they're not
biologically real,
but they live on a world called
Sassani in a parallel reality.
And because they are
genetically related to us,
they have taken
up the invitation
to open contact with us
through the dialogues
in the channeling.
It's the first step
that they usually
take with a civilization
to initiate contact.
Bashar himself, which is the
name we use for the entity,
is himself a first
contact specialist.
And so the idea is that,
in delivering information
to us through the channeling
and in other ways,
he is allowing us
the opportunity
to see if we want to absorb
and apply that information
in our lives which would make
a difference in our frequency,
our energy, and make
us more compatible
with their
civilization, in order
for face-to-face, physical, open
contact to eventually occur.
So they see this as
simply communicating
with another aspect
of their own families,
since they are related
to us genetically.
They're helping us to
decide what kind of a world
we really prefer to have.
And if that goes in the
direction of welcoming
open contact then,
at some point,
we'll be able to interact with
them, as I said, face-to-face.
But that's primarily
what he does,
and he's doing that
with many civilizations,
as well as our own.
>> And in a sense,
you are Bashar.
>> Well he's explained
it in the linear fashion,
because from their perspective,
everything exists at once.
>> Right.
>> Time is an illusion, so
everything exists now really.
But it's separated by these
different frequency patterns
that we call, or perceive,
as the past and the future.
And so from that
linear perspective,
yes, you could say, I am
one of his past selves,
and he is a future self of mine.
So in a sense, you
could say, we're
the same soul in two
different time frames.
>> Sure.
For prepping for a
channeling session,
I'm just wondering what
kind of work goes into that.
Because we have
these announcements,
Darryl Bashar will be
at a certain location
in Los Angeles.
>> Right, certain topics.
>> And then, sometimes, we'll
usually get the dates first,
and then later the
topic sort of comes in.
How does that work?
How does the topic come in?
>> Bashar will download
the basic topic title.
>> OK.
>> Whenever he's ready to do.
I never really know.
It'll just be there
suddenly, and I'll just
get, OK, these are the titles,
and here's the basic concept.
But I won't have
a clue what he's
going to say about any of
that, until he actually
channels it through.
So the preparation is
really nothing more
than, here's the subject
I'm going to talk about.
This is the basic concept.
When people show up,
I'll talk about it,
and we just let that
happen in a natural way.
>> Does it always come
through just in time,
or has there been any--
>> There will be give and take
in terms of maybe a few weeks
here or a few weeks there.
>> Right.
>> We ideally like to get it far
enough in advance that we have
enough time to really
advertise what it is.
>> Sure.
>> But again, we have to
trust his timing with it,
and sometimes, it'll come
about three months before.
Sometimes, it'll come literally
like a few weeks before.
We never know exactly why
it comes when it comes,
but again, we just have
to trust that that's
the right timing for the people
that are supposed to be there.
>> Right.
So one of the things
that I've noticed
that Bashar coming
through and you as Darryl
bringing this channeling
experience to the world
is your amazing
vocabulary and the details
that we're able to talk about
these high end concepts--
time travel, linear
to parallel timelines
and these kinds of things, and
more so than other channelers.
Not to put any other channelers
down, but I'm just wondering--
>> It's different for everyone.
>> Yeah.
>> But looking back at my
life, I realize that there were
certain things that
happened that I, of course,
didn't know at the time and
didn't know until way after
the channeling started that were
setups for Bashar to be able
to have access to the things
he would need in order for him
to be able to communicate
what he needed to communicate.
Because I think the thing
I need to explain to people
first is Bashar, when
he comes through,
is not speaking English.
He's not speaking
any language at all.
>> Right.
>> It's a telepathic connection.
When we vibrate in
a chord in harmony,
you get a translation of his
thoughts out of my energy,
and it just simply
automatically accesses
as the words that
are in my vocabulary
to explain the concepts that
he just sends in one flash,
and then it just slowly
on spools in our language.
But the entire answer
is there at once.
The entire information
But looking back
at my life, there
are certain things that happen
that obviously were preparation
for the ability to do this and
for the ability to give him
the best vocabulary
he could access.
Because my parents
were telling me that,
basically, when I was
a year and a half old,
I was reading books.
I wasn't looking at pictures.
I would sit on the couch
at a year and a half
and read magazines and books.
So I picked up a
vocabulary very early on.
English has always been--
I don't know-- just
it's always just been--
it felt natural to me.
It was one of the
classes in school
that I always excelled
in without even trying.
It was just like I just got
how things were supposed to go.
Punctuation, everything, it
just seemed like, of course,
it's got to be that way.
There has to be a coma here.
That's the word you use.
And of course, that's also
led into partially a writing
career, in film and books.
But I realized that it
also services his ability
to be able to draw from the
vocabulary that's in my mind.
Even though I don't
have everything
that I might be able to
have, because I haven't read
like deep math books
or things like that,
but some physics for
terminologies and things.
But at least it's
enough for him to be
able to draw from and explain
concepts in the best way
that it is possible for him
to explain it in our language
without actually going
into mathematical equations
and things like that.
>> Yeah.
A lot of people ask--
this is for some of the
channeler naysayers out there--
they're like, well, why don't
they just give us the formula
for free energy or give
us the formula for--
>> Well, he has.
That's the thing.
Now, he's giving
it to us in pieces.
>> Right.
>> Because he understands that
the topics and the way that
they understand that science
is something we have to learn
in stages.
Otherwise, it's like handing
a kid an atomic bomb.
You have to learn
how this works,
and you have to do the simple
experiments that he suggests
to demonstrate the concept.
Once you have that, then he
usually gives people more.
So he is doing that, but he's
also doing it cautiously,
because he knows that
we have a tendency
to take information and
use it in negative ways.
Or just if we just don't
understand it clearly,
then it could just be
detrimental in some way.
So he wants to make sure people
have a full understanding
of each step that he gives
them before he gives them
more information, but he
is actually doing that.
>> Yeah.
I've seen in some
of the audiences,
and I'm guessing privately
too, some scientists.
>> Yes.
Even more so privately,
because in a public setting,
it's not always appropriate
for all of those people
to be sitting there listening
to something that is really
only for one or two people.
So he might give
a hint in public,
but those people who
are interested usually
book a private session.
And we actually did one recently
with a group of scientists,
and they always seem very
happy with what they get,
and they come back often.
It's like, OK, we're at this
point in the technology now.
We've created what you've said,
and we've got this effect.
Now, what do we do and he'll
usually guide them further,
but that usually happens
in the private session.
Yeah.
>> How do you feel about that?
How do you feel this--
you literally are assisting in
the technological development
of--
>> I know.
It's cool.
It's fun.
I don't even myself
always understand
what it is they're asking him.
So I don't know that I have
a full appreciation of what
he's giving them, or what
they're attempting to do.
But it's a lot of
fun, and I'm certainly
fascinated by some of
the Bashar's technology.
That was the first
example I had,
in fact, of how the
channeling actually
works in terms of the
delivery of information
and how it translates
into language.
Because early on, one of the
things I was fascinated about
was understanding how do
your ships travel from star
to star so quickly?
And the information, the
answer, was there in a flash.
It took me three
hours to write it out.
>> Wow.
>> So it demonstrates not only
principles I've never heard
of before, but it also
demonstrates the compact way
in which the information is
telepathically delivered.
>> Right.
>> And demonstrates how it
needs time to, like I said,
sort of unspool in my brain
as a translation device
into our language.
>> And you, having such a great
command of the language are
able to translate
it, in my opinion,
very clearly and understandably.
>> Oh, well, thank you.
>> And I think many others.
>> Well, that's the thing I
really appreciate about the way
Bashar delivers the
information, is he understands,
because they themselves
are still somewhat physical
in their reality.
He understands we're physical.
He understands the information
has to be translated in a way
that we use it as
physical people.
>> Right.
>> So that's what I like is
that he takes all of these
metaphysical concepts which
are fine in and of themselves,
but I find that a lot of people
don't really understand how
does this metaphysical concept
apply in our physical reality?
How do I use it to my advantage?
And that's what he does.
He acts as a go-between
between the concept
and how it can be practically
and pragmatically applied
in physical reality
by giving us what
is, for all intents
and purposes,
an instruction manual.
Do this A, B, C, D, E,
F, G, you get the effect.
This is how these metaphysical
concepts translate
into your physical world
and how you get an effect
by applying them in this way.
So he's literally
giving us a toolkit
of metaphysical concepts
brought down to Earth in ways
that we can just
go, OK, do this.
Do this.
There's the effect, and
that's what I really
appreciate about the way
he delivers information.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> One of the things that Bashar
has explained about things like
telepathy is our standard,
outdated definition,
old world definition,
of telepathy is, oh,
I'm reading someone's mind.
Well, Bashar says, OK,
that's a description of what
the effect feels
like, but that's
not a description of
what's mechanically
actually happening.
You go to a certain brainwave
frequency, or energy frequency
in general, that
mirrors or matches
or harmonizes with the
other person's frequency.
And when you harmonize,
you're on the same wavelength
essentially, and you're
having the same thoughts
at the same time, because
that's what that frequency
level represents.
So you're not actually reading
the other person's mind.
You're reading your
own mind that's
having the same thoughts
as the other person.
That's a mechanical description
of how telepathy works,
even though the experience
makes it appear as if you're
reading someone else's mind.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CLICKING]
>> Since you brought it up--
>> Are we on?
>> Yeah.
Since you just brought
it up with the clicking,
I've heard when--
>> Oh.
>> Bashar comes
in, there's some--
is that--
>> The teeth.
>> Is that-- the
teeth, the clicking--
is that a Bashar energy,
or is that a Darryl thing?
>> No.
It's a translation
of energies that
don't translate into words.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> Because there are other
things happening that my body
is responding to, but it's not
the kind of energy that comes
with information.
It's just a reaction
to the energy.
It might sometimes be
a reaction to something
he's doing on his end,
because he can multitask.
So he can be talking to us.
He can be doing something
in his spacecraft.
He can be talking to someone
else at the same time.
So my body will
pick up on things,
but it's not information.
So it just comes
out as a sound or--
>> A click.
>> A click or something.
>> And breath too
is a big part of--
>> Yeah, that
happened automatically
in the channeling.
So it's like he's saying--
because of the
extra energy, he has
to make sure that my body
is oxygenated to the point
where it'll handle it, so
it doesn't burn me out.
So that automatic reaction
to that weird sort
of deep yogic
breathing was something
that my body just started doing
when the energy comes through.
And so I am
breathing less often,
but I'm taking in more oxygen.
>> And that's to
handle the energy.
>> To handle the energy.
Yeah.
>> Interesting, have you
done any formal training
in breathwork or
anything like that?
>> Nope.
>> No?
>> It just came
with the channeling.
Yeah.
>> Very cool.
You talked about
in past interviews
and in "First Contact" your
visual experience of the UFOs.
Have you had any
physical or strange bumps
in the night from
actual Bashar coming
in the room or
anything like that
or being out in the desert?
>> Not Bashar.
I had one experience
in I believe
it was boulder Colorado,
where I had been channeling,
and I was staying
in the guest room
of this family that happened
to have these three sisters.
So middle of the
night, I'm in bed.
Now, from my experience,
what happened is I woke up,
and the three sisters were
standing around my bed,
looking down at me.
And I'm like, what are you
doing here, and then I woke up.
>> Oh.
>> It seemed very real.
They were really standing--
somebody was standing there,
but then I actually woke up,
and there was nobody there.
But then the cows that
were on their ranch
were going bananas,
just like mooing.
So they woke us all
up, and we went out.
Something had happened.
Something was in the area that
the animals were picking up
on, and I had that weird thing
of these three people looking
down at me that looked like
the three sisters in the house
but weren't.
But it was like I was
awake when I saw them,
and I didn't think
I wasn't awake.
But then I woke up and saw
that they weren't there.
That's one thing that happened.
Another thing that
happened is I have
a friend who is an abductee,
and she was staying over
in our guest room
one night, and I
guess there was an
attempt again to take her.
And usually, the way
that begins for her,
as many abductees
have reported, is
with this sense of a paralysis
field, so she can't move.
I felt the edge of
that paralysis field.
It woke me up, but
I couldn't move.
And finally, because it wasn't,
I guess, fully focused on me,
I was able--
while I was trying for at least
60 seconds to move my hand--
I finally managed
to move a finger.
And as soon as I moved a
finger, the field broke,
and I ran to her room,
and she sat up and goes,
did you feel that?
Did you feel that?
They were here.
>> Oh, wow.
>> I said, yes, I did.
But in terms of
Bashar interactions,
I've only had, aside from
the physical sighting
of his ship twice.
>> Right.
>> I've only had dream
encounters and conversations
with him that are, again,
unusual in that it's literally
like I'm talking to you now.
There is nothing else
that happens in the dream.
We are talking, or he
shows me something,
like the time which we
put in the movie, where
I wanted to know,
well, what happens
if I do meet you face-to-face?
>> Right.
>> And in the dream,
I saw the ship land.
I saw him get out.
I saw him walk toward me, and
when he was about 20 feet away,
I lost my identity and saw
my body through his eyes.
And my body jerked back,
and he said, that's why.
You're not ready yet
vibrationally to be
able to handle the--
[CRASHING]
>> Whoa.
>> Overwhelming.
Like that.
>> There we go.
>> See what happens?
>> Interesting.
All right.
We're not ready for you.
>> He likes to give
a typical example.
>> I'm going to--
>> --this way, it's
like it just fell off,
even though it was
clipped to my--
>> Yeah.
That's what I mean.
I was like, it was
clipped to your belt.
How did it get off of your--
>> These are the weird
things that happen.
>> Cupcake.
>> Did you need to
change, or did you do it?
>> No.
I turned it-- I think
I turned it back on.
>> I think you just
turned it on and off.
>> Yeah.
>> Off and on.
>> I think that's it.
>> Yeah.
It just has to--
>> Yeah, it's rocking.
>> It just has to
start over again.
>> I don't know
anything about that.
>> Oh.
[LAUGHING]
>> All right.
Say when, Steve.
>> When Steve.
>> Look straight
at me, eyes open.
>> So I've had dream
conversations with him that are
similar to like what I'm
talking to you right now,
where that's all
that's happening,
or he's showing me something.
Like the time I wanted to
understand what it was like,
or what it would be like, to
actually meet him face-to-face,
and so in the dream encounter,
he showed me by landing a ship
and walking toward me.
And when he was about 20
feet away, I lost my identity
and saw my body
through his eyes,
and then my body backed away.
And he said, see, that's what
happens, because our energy is
so overwhelming.
It would actually just
like overwhelm your energy,
and you'd lose your identity
in me, especially because we're
connected in that way.
And that also was a
lesson in terms of why
they don't physically land yet.
There may be some
extraterrestrial beings that
are of a vibration
that we can handle,
but they operate on a
very high frequency,
and so we're nowhere
near that level yet.
And they're basically
saying, no matter
how much we may
want the contact,
there are parts of us that
are compartmentalized,
and exposure to their
energy forces those things
to the surface within
us that we may not
be ready to integrate
within ourselves.
And so the fear we might feel is
actually the fear of things we
ourselves contain, not
a fear of them directly.
But there is also an
aspect that activates
that sort of survival, fight
or flight mechanism in our body
as well, because we
see them as alien
and sense them as
something that's foreign.
And so we have that fear
reaction of something
that might even feel predatory
to us, even though it's not.
So they're waiting until
the information can
be used to upgrade our energy,
so we become more vibrationally
compatible, and that's when open
contact will eventually occur.
But yeah, I've had about four or
five dream encounters with him.
I've seen the ships
physically, but I haven't
interacted with him physically.
>> Well, I actually-- just
something quickly to share--
I had, when there was a session
here in LA a few months back,
and Bashar was interacting
with a gentleman.
He's kind of saying,
I'm ready for contact
I'm ready for contact.
>> I know what
you're talking about.
I do.
>> So during that moment,
Bashar is like talking,
describing his mountain lions,
and he kept pushing and then
Bashar was trying to explain it.
>> Right.
>> And during that moment,
I was having physical--
I started shaking.
I was having maybe,
potentially, I
guess I term it remembering of
potential contact experiences,
because I don't have any
like actual memories.
>> Right.
>> And just like getting
all nervous and sweating,
and I'm like what is this crazy
feeling that I'm feeling here?
And then there was a scream
in the audience, and it just--
>> Right, because he was
pushing that vibration through
my energy field, so people
could understand at least a bit
of what he was talking about.
>> Yeah.
>> And that particular girl,
who was also a channel,
who was sensitive to that
energy, got a real blast of it,
and she screamed, as if
she was facing a predator.
>> I felt like I wanted
to scream inside.
>> Yeah.
So it was a good demonstration
of what someone might actually
experience.
>> Yeah.
>> If they were to come in
contact with someone like
Bashar at this
particular moment,
and I understand the guy
was just stubbornly refusing
to understand that.
>> But it was a great
demonstration, because I,
without him pushing--
because I'm the same way.
I'm like, yeah,
bring on the ships.
I can take it. come on.
>> Sure.
We think so, and again, for
some ETs that might be fine.
>> Sure.
>> Because they're different.
>> Frequency.
>> And they're relating
to us in a different way,
but Bashar comes
from another reality.
They operate 10 times faster
than we do in their reality.
So that's a big difference
and forcing our energy
to interact with
their energy that way
is like shoving two
gears together that are
going at different speeds.
You just strip the
teeth right off of it,
and that's not something
they want to do with us.
>> Yeah, not yet, let's hope.
>> Never.
>> Let's not do that.
>> Not until we
ramp up our gear.
>> Right.
Exactly.
We'll get there.
How long, when you go into
the channelling state,
is there a limitation
to the length of time
that you can hold it?
>> Well, there probably is.
Even though it is
an energizing thing,
it is also in some ways
a disorienting thing.
Because time is very collapsed
for me in that state,
and if I stay in it longer
than a certain amount of time,
it's almost like I
wasn't there that day.
I didn't have a day, and I
feel a little bit ungrounded.
>> Right.
>> Because that's a long time
to be sort of disconnected from
this perspective.
Yeah.
The longest I think I've
ever gone in one shot
is about five hours.
>> Whoa.
That's still a long time.
>> Yeah, but normally
now, it'll be two hours.
>> Right.
>> It'll be three hours at the
most or something like that
which is usually,
again, not only
because of what's appropriate
for me and my body but also
what's appropriate
for people to absorb.
>> Sure.
>> Because I find that, if
they get too much information,
they just get overloaded, and
they forget everything that
they've been told.
So it's about
delivering information
in easily digestible amounts.
Let people process that.
Let people start to apply
it and make it their own,
and then they're
ready for more stuff.
But yeah, there's a balance
point, because Bashar realizes,
I have to live my own life too.
>> Right.
>> And I have to be here.
>> You do, and not Bashar
living his own life.
>> No.
Well, he lives his own life.
However he does that,
but yeah, me, Darryl,
I have to live my
own life in parallel,
because I get to follow
my own passions aside
from the channeling as well.
>> What are some
of those passions?
>> Well, I'm a
filmmaker, a writer.
I love directing.
I love writing.
So this is I'm working
now on our third film out
of our production company.
I've also now close to
finishing the second book
in a sci-fi series
that I'm writing.
So things like
that I love doing.
>> Cool.
Well, the sci-fi book, the
first one, is what's it called?
>> "Shards of a Shattered
Mirror" "Cryptic" is book one.
>> Right.
>> I'm working on book two
now which is "Nocturnal."
>> And that's revolving
around the character,
the hybrid character.
>> Willa.
>> Yeah.
Willa is another being
that I've channeled,
but I've taken some
of the stories she's
told about her actual life.
She's a hybrid 700 years
in the future on Earth.
I've taken some of
that information
and incorporated it into
a science fiction story,
because it's not so much about
telling her literal story.
It's about really
giving people something
that they can be excited
about and can really
stretch imagination, even though
her life itself literally is
somewhat unusual and exciting.
But basically, what
the book is doing
is taking us through what they
call the five levels of mastery
which allows them to become
more and more and more connected
to all aspects of reality,
including other dimensions
and so on and so forth.
In essence, it's like
going from someone
who is very deeply
ingrained in nature
and taking that with them
through becoming someone who's
connecting to
parallel realities,
becoming a shapeshifter,
becoming a sage,
becoming beyond that,
where they're actually
starting to manipulate space and
time and all sorts of things.
And these are things she's
actually going through
in her life, but I'm weaving a
story around that, in a sense,
to make it more exciting.
>> OK.
So but she's also sort of
another version of you.
>> She's another-- yes,
another like future self.
>> So these different
levels of mastery,
were they actually channeled
through her and then the story
was filled in with you?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
That is something that
exists in her time.
>> In her time.
OK, because I was just wondering
how much of the book was--
because there's
probably blending.
Right?
>> Yeah.
I would say really only
about 10% of the book
is literally her reality.
>> OK.
>> The rest of it is a made up
science fiction story around
that.
>> I am wondering how many
people in the Bashar world
or people following this
stuff actually are taking it
as a story and not taking--
>> Well, I've announced that
it's not fully real and given
them the same kind
of percentage,
but hopefully they
enjoy it anyway.
>> Yes.
Yes, it is fun.
>> Good.
>> And I just took my first
trip to Ireland actually,
a couple weeks ago.
And that's some of the--
well, at least when
she comes through,
there's a lot of Ireland energy.
>> Well, that's where she lives.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
Right.
OK.
That's right.
>> That's why.
But even in early
years and still now,
sometimes, we hear Bashar
with this Irish accent.
>> The accent is an unusual
thing that happens in a lot
of channelings.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> [INAUDIBLE] Good day to you.
[INAUDIBLE] How are you all?
[CHEERING]
All right.
Thank you.
For now, allow us
a moment to help
make adjustments in the
vibrational connections
that we utilize with
respect to the channel,
so that we can help
facilitate Willa's connection,
so that she may
communicate with you.
[CHEERING]
>> Oh, shush, shush, shush.
Now, then, allow
us an opportunity
to begin to explain
the ideas that we
would like to share
with you today
about the first
level of mastery.
[END PLAYBACK]
The only thing I can explain
it as is, well, two things.
Sometimes, the way the
energy comes through
in bringing the
concept, it stresses
things in a certain
way energetically that
translate in my brain
in a way that comes out
sounding like an accent.
>> Right.
>> The other thing is that,
because they are as entities
to my mind, at least some
part of my mind, foreign--
>> Right.
>> My brain also has to add some
inflection to it that comes out
as an accent to make it make
sense out of how they feel
to in order to let them
come through fully.
So I just noticed
that that's just
what naturally happens
in order to not block it
from coming through in the way
that it needs to come through.
In some cases, it
just seems like it
has to come through with
that emphasis or that accent
in order for it to
be representative
of what they're
saying in real time
or what they're
thinking in real time.
It's an unusual phenomenon,
but again, as with Willa,
it literally is her accent.
>> Right.
>> But again, synchronistically
half of my background is
Arabic.
Bashar is an Arabic word.
I don't speak Arabic, but that
was the word that was there,
and I was only told much
later that the word simply
means messenger, which is
exactly what he's doing.
>> Right.
>> So it's appropriate.
>> Sure.
>> But the other
side of me is Irish.
My mother was Irish.
>> Oh, OK.
>> So again, there's these weird
synchronicities of the name we
use for him being an Arabic
word and a connection to another
future self that is
actually in Ireland.
So it just all seems
to work together.
>> Very cool.
So in the "First
Contact" film, you
did an EEG scan of your brain.
>> While I was channeling.
>> While you were channelling.
>> Yes.
>> And there were
different states of--
>> Brain wave.
>> Delta brain waves.
>> Yeah.
>> Can you describe a little
bit about what those different
states are?
>> Yeah.
We were really excited
about doing that,
because it's really not
so much about trying
to prove that Bashar is real,
because I can't do that.
>> Right.
>> What we did demonstrate
scientifically,
I think probably for the first
time that I'm aware of, is that
the channeling state is
a true altered state.
And so the EEG readouts
were definitely
demonstrating that a
lot of unusual things
are going on in the
brain when people
are in a channeling state.
And channeling is a
natural thing all of us do.
>> Right.
>> Whenever anyone is truly
following their passion,
they're not experiencing
the passage of time,
you're probably in a
channeling state which is,
as we discovered
in the EEG test,
between 40 and 100 cycles per
second in the brain which is
a state called gamma.
And in that state, some
unusual things are happening.
One of the most
unusual we found was--
this takes a little
bit of explanation--
when people are growing
up, and their brain starts
absorbing information, it goes
to a certain frequency point,
and it generally stops.
And that's called the
set point in the brain,
and what that
means is your brain
is kind of like taking snapshots
of reality at a certain rate.
Now, mine in general
was nine Hertz,
nine frames per second, which
is a typical amount of rate
of absorption.
That set point is
according to our science,
and everything we know about
brain science up to this point
is not supposed to change over
the course of your lifetime.
And certainly, if
it ever did change,
it would have to take place
over a long period of time
or be instigated by some
sort of brain trauma
or some major thing that
would happen to the brain
to change that set point.
>> Right.
>> But what we discovered
is that when I go
into the channeling state it
changes in seconds and goes
from 9 to 10 to 11 to wherever
it needs to go to represent
whatever it is he's either doing
in terms of sending information
through or listening to the
information someone else is
asking him about.
And it actually goes
higher when he's listening
than it does when he's talking.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> And so one of the things the
technician took from that was
that there is a higher
focus, a higher concentration
of attention, given to when
he is actually listening
to someone talk.
Because he's assessing
all of the things
that are going on
in that statement
in terms of their
emotional level,
in terms of the real intention
behind asking the question,
and many other aspects.
So there was that.
One other unusual
thing was there
is a portion of
everyone's brain that
is responsible for
processing your personality,
so that you can express
yourself as the person you are.
During the channeling state,
that portion of the brain
shuts off completely.
So who's talking?
>> Right.
So your personality is gone.
>> My personality is
gone during that state,
and there are many other
things that are happening,
including a very heightened
sense of connectivity.
See, a lot of people think
it's actually a trance state.
It's not a trance state.
It's a state of
heightened connection,
so that more associations
are being made,
more connections are
being made faster.
And so there is a higher rate
of processing information,
organizing information,
and delivering information
from a very, very precise,
high level frequency.
So many different things
we were able to demonstrate
are happening in the channeling
state that are highly unusual.
>> Is it something you're
going to continue to research
a little bit more?
>> Yeah.
We will.
We'll look for other ways
to get that data as well.
>> Yeah.
Looking forward to
validating this.
>> Yeah.
Well, again, as a state of being
is what we're trying to show
and again that everyone
has the ability to do this.
Because if they can
simply allow themselves
to get into that
state, it brings
on a lot more creativity, a
different perspective of things
from a higher level, and it's
very conducive to problem
solving in a lot
of different ways.
>> Have you heard of the
book "Stealing Fire" by--
>> I've heard the
name of the book.
I don't remember
what it's about.
>> They actually do a
really good job of going
into different altered
states with plant medicines
or indigenous culture,
trance, even channeling,
and they call it flow states.
So find your flow state right
how Navy SEALs and Silicon
Valley and all these
people are really trying
to get into these flows states.
>> Exactly.
>> For increased production or--
>> Right, access to
inspirations, new ideas,
new perspectives.
Yeah.
>> And even in sports.
>> absolutely.
>> Greater athletic ability.
>> Yeah.
It's the same thing
as being in the zone.
>> In the zone.
Right.
>> So to speak.
It's the same state.
>> Very cool.
So you were just saying
that Bashar has this--
more information,
it seems, is going
through in the listening state,
or the waves I should say.
>> More attention.
>> Yeah.
Is being focused on
listening than speaking.
>> There's often-- and I've
always wondered this in a lot
of the sessions--
certain people ask
certain questions.
Some of them, there is
a lot of repetitivity.
>> Repetitiveness.
>> Repetitiveness in
the questions as well,
because there's new people--
>> Yeah.
Sure, of course.
>> --who are just getting
on to the information.
>> To Bashar, it's
never a repeat.
>> Well, that's what I mean.
I've seen cases where
Bashar is quick to like
boop-boop-boop, follow the
formula, and get out of here.
And then I've seen
some cases where
Bashar has been very patient.
>> Yeah.
His basic criteria
is, if he senses
you're needing a
lot of explanation,
you're really not familiar,
he'll take his time.
If he senses you're about
this close to getting
it and crossing that threshold,
he'll just say, look,
this is all you need.
>> Right.
>> Bum-bum-bum, done.
So just do it that way, and
there's no reason for you
to take more time, unless
you really want to,
but you don't have to.
You're close enough
that you can just
get pushed right
over that threshold,
if that's your choice.
So he will indicate that by
the amount, or lack thereof,
of information he may
deliver to someone.
Plus, there are sometimes
also other reasons for the way
he delivers
information to people.
Again, sometimes, he can
only give a person so much,
because more would
interfere with their process
at that moment.
Whereas, he might
be able to give them
more later, when
they have arrived
at another point
in their process.
Also, sometimes, the information
he would give to a person
privately is not appropriate
to give to them publicly.
>> I see.
>> So he's sensing all of that,
and he also does this thing
that he's explained.
This is part of what the
first contact specialists do.
Because they know there's a
probability that they could
inappropriately intervene
in a person's process,
which they will never
do, they actually
impose blockages
on themselves when
they come through a channel.
So that if there is
information they're
not supposed to tell them
that would harm their process,
then they simply won't
know or have access
to that information.
When they detach, they
might know it all.
>> Right.
>> But when they come
through the process,
they have this imposed
framework, or blockage,
on the knowledge they have
access to, to ensure that they
do not interrupt a
person's process.
That's important for
them to go through.
>> Yeah.
Because there's many
times when there's
a mouthful of information
just spilling out
of all this detail.
Then, there's the
times where like--
>> That's it.
>> Just can't say
that right now.
>> Yeah.
>> So just really--
>> It's not
appropriate right now.
>> Wondering, yeah.
>> Or you don't
need it right now.
>> And there's a lot of sarcasm
in there too in some cases.
>> There's a lot of humor.
>> A lot of humor.
Humor, sarcasm,
some people may who
are like looking for the
answers, and then they--
>> I know.
>> It feels a little--
>> Well, it's interesting,
because what we've seen Bashar
do a lot of times is, yes, you
can see a person might be like
chomping at the bit
to get certain thing.
>> Right.
>> And he'll take them on
this weird little journey.
>> Right.
>> Where it seems like he's
not answering the question,
but what he's doing is he's
leading them with his questions
and their answers around.
Until suddenly, it comes
back to the main question,
and suddenly they realize,
oh, now I understand,
and they've got the answer.
So sometimes, he wants to
take them through a process
to show them they
have the ability
to get the answer without
necessarily coming to him
or anyone else to get it.
And that's part of his job too
is to make sure we understand,
we're self-empowered,
and it's not
about running to
him or anyone else
to give our power away, like
we don't have the ability
to do that, because we do.
>> Right.
>> We all have access to
all the information we need,
and that's primarily what he's
attempting to get across to us
is he's in this job to
put himself out of a job.
>> Right.
>> He wants us to know we
all have the ability to get
whatever we need in life.
That's his main message.
>> It's one of my favorite
messages of the teachings.
>> Yeah.
>> With that said,
there's many Bashar--
I don't even want
to call them this.
They might get offended--
but these Bashar groupies,
in the sense.
>> People who are
familiar with information.
>> They are groupies even.
>> No, please.
>> So does it ever get
burdening, or is there ever--
>> No.
It's very sweet.
>> Yeah.
>> And I appreciate it, and
I'm very grateful that they get
a lot out of the information.
It's very rewarding for
me to know that they do,
but I have my own life.
They have their own lives.
I don't need them to follow me.
I'm not trying to lead anybody.
I just need to live my own life.
This is just something I do.
I'm very grateful that
it helps a lot of people.
It helps me too, but again, the
message is use the information.
>> Right.
>> And that's fine.
I don't mean I
can't make friends.
>> Sure.
Sure.
>> But it's really not a focus
of mine, because I know--
and again, it comes from
Bashar's perspective,
the idea of needing followers--
>> Right.
>> Just weighs me down in my
life from being able to do what
I need to do as myself.
So I like everything to stay
very light and streamlined
with people in my
interactions with them.
So that they know I'm not
looking for them to follow me.
>> Right.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I think this is one of the
reasons I have so much respect
for you and the Bashar
material is that you definitely
don't put off that vibe.
It's like, yeah, come follow
me or anything like that.
>> No.
Thank you.
>> There is very
much self empowering,
but even still with you
trying to get that message.
I still do see--
I use the phrase
groupies-- but people
who tend to latch to
wanting that information.
>> Right, but I have ways
of communicating that create
a proper separation.
>> Hats off.
It's very good, and especially
in Japan, Bashar is quite--
>> He's quite popular
in Japan, yeah.
>> He's quite popular in the
teachings they're doing out
there, and myself, I was
in Japan for five years.
My wife's Japanese.
>> Right.
>> I have a connection there.
So I've seen some of
the Japanese culture
tend to have this
groupie mentality.
>> Of course.
>> Even more than
other cultures.
>> Of course.
Right, but they also have the
idea of respectful distance.
>> That's true.
>> So it does sort of
balance itself out a bit,
and so for a time that's
allotted in the session I
don't mind the fun of
interacting with them
and seeing them all excited.
But then they themselves kind
of impose, OK, time to go.
>> Yeah.
This is true.
>> Leave him alone.
Let him go off and do his thing.
>> Very shy culture too.
>> Yeah.
So it's a good balance,
and I love the culture.
I really relate
strongly to the culture.
I always have.
>> And you've been to
Japan several times.
>> I've been there 18 times.
>> 18 times, wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, I think, when I reached
out to you for this interview,
you had just taken a
quick trip there as well.
>> Yeah.
That was for other reasons.
>> Oh, OK.
>> That was for
the film business.
>> I got you.
>> Because there were potential
investors that we were talking
to over there, but yes,
most of the trips have been
for the purpose of actually
channeling over there.
And so the reason
for the popularity
is not just because of
the channeling sessions,
but the people that
sponsored me over there,
we would do several
sessions over the course
of a week or two.
They would take all
that information,
and they would
publish it as a book.
>> Right.
>> So then more people got a
chance to start reading about
who Bashar was and what
his information was about,
and so that's what really
started it exploding in Japan.
I think it was--
I don't know-- well
over 10 years ago
that the publisher that was
bringing me over there, I think
they estimated at that
time probably like 2% to 3%
of the entire country
knew who I was.
>> Wow.
>> So that's millions
and millions and millions
of people.
>> So yeah.
It's not unusual,
especially there,
for people to just recognize me.
>> Well, that's one of the
talking points of how I met
my wife.
We met randomly
through another friend,
and we were just having lunch.
And I mentioned
Bashar, and she goes,
oh, I'm reading Bashar's book
right now, and I'm like what?
>> I know the
synchronicity is bizarre,
and it's actually kind of cool,
because I run into several
people, especially within
the last few years,
that have met because of
Bashar's information and formed
relationships and all that.
And so that's
another cool aspect
is that it brings people
together and lets them find
each other through the
synchronicity of being there,
and that's how I met my wife.
She came to the
channeling classes
that I was taking when I was
first learning to be a channel.
So he's responsible for a lot
of people getting together.
>> Bashar and Darryl
the matchmaker.
>> Bashar the matchmaker.
Yes.
>> Well, we are
forever grateful.
Thank you.
>> Who knew Bashar was a yenta?
>> So also in Japan, so
Ayako Sekino is someone who
I've interviewed on the
show here last season,
and you've done events with her.
>> Yes, a couple.
>> She told me during that
interview that when she first--
this was like maybe
in the early '90s--
that she was in the audience.
And she literally passed out,
and they had to drag her out.
Do you remember that?
>> I remember hearing about it.
I didn't see it, because
I was channeling.
>> So back then, so she actually
claimed to channel Bashar
for a couple of years.
>> She did for a while.
>> Yeah.
>> There were a couple of people
who Bashar spoke to who were
interested in
learning to channel,
and he agreed for a limited
period of time to allow them
to channel him, so they would
get used to the idea what that
felt like.
And then he turned
it over to whatever
other entities
they were actually
supposed to make agreements with
to come through them or just
let them be their own
conscious channels.
So for a while, there were
a few people that did it.
At this point, that
doesn't happen anymore.
I'm the only one that he
comes through at this point.
>> And I heard I think around
I've listened to some really
old Bashar channelings, and
I've heard that there was even
a dolphin named Dreamer.
>> Yes, has come
through now and then.
>> So do you have any
idea how that works?
>> It's the same mechanism.
>> Is it like
through sonar, or--
>> No, it's the same telepathic
vibrational mechanism.
>> And then a dolphin--
>> But I can always tell that
there's always a different
flavor to a different
kind of entity.
So I understood it was
something other than Bashar,
and there have been a
few other entities that,
over the course of 36 years,
have come in to say something,
because it was
important for Bashar
to facilitate someone
else to say something
from another point of view.
But I can always
tell that there's
a different energy to the
entity's consciousness,
but the mechanism
is always the same.
It's that resonance
frequency matching
that allows me to be able
to translate whatever
another sentient consciousness
is able to communicate,
and dolphins are sentient.
>> Oh, no.
I thought he was actually
channeling through the dolphin
to the dolphin community.
>> Oh, well, he might be.
>> OK.
>> He might be.
>> You haven't heard anything.
>> I don't know all of that.
I do know they're
telepathically connected
to a lot of other
consciousnesses
that are extraterrestrial
and extra-dimensional.
I don't know that he's
ever specifically said,
yes, I'm channeling to
a bunch of dolphins.
You would have to ask
him that question.
The answer is probably,
yes, I would guess.
>> Sure, sure, but yes, they
can channel to dolphins as well,
because again, they're a
similar sentience to us.
>> So going back to channeling
these other entities.
When you're in the channeling
state, channeling Bashar,
are you able to recognize
when these other entities come
through, like Willa.
>> That's what I was saying.
I can always tell the
difference, because they
have completely
different energy,
completely different flavor
to them, or a sense to them.
And on very rare
occasions, almost always
during a private
session, I think
there have been a couple of
exceptions, now and then,
for some reason, it'll seem
like it's important to suddenly
become mediumistic and actually
bring through someone who's
dead to talk to the person.
But that's really rare for
me, because I'm not really
that kind of a
channel or a medium.
But it has happened
on rare occasions
that I guess Bashar feels
it's important for you
to give them a sign that
this person still exists.
>> Right.
>> This actually just
happened recently.
>> Oh, wow.
>> But not with a dead person,
with a spirit of someone who
was potentially about to become
someone's baby to be born
to them.
>> All right.
>> So like on the other end.
>> The other end.
Yeah.
>> And so Bashar suddenly
picked up on a name.
>> Right.
>> And said does this
name mean anything to you,
or something like it, and it
was exactly what the couple was
pretending that a
pumpkin was their baby,
and they had called it this
name that he picked up on from
the spirit saying,
yeah, that's me.
So those kinds of things are
rare, but when they happen,
it's interesting
and astonishing.
Because a person that is what
we consider a person in spirit
has a very different
feeling from Bashar.
>> Sure.
>> They feel a little
bit more lighter.
They feel a little bit more
familiar, like we feel,
people feel.
>> Right.
>> And because that
happens now and then,
it increases the sense of--
I know this is not
exactly the best word--
but it increases the
sense of alien-ness
that Bashar brings with
him, because he really
is an extraterrestrial
being from another reality.
>> Right.
>> And so by getting that
comparison of something that is
a spirit from our realm
and an extra-dimensional
or extraterrestrial
from another realm,
you really can start to
really feel a vast difference
in the sensing of
their consciousness.
They all have a
different feeling.
>> Right.
Yeah.
I think one time, I remember
during a channeling session,
Anubis came through, and
the voice was very deep.
>> Yeah.
Then, you're dealing
with something
that's like an archetypal level
of our collective consciousness
which is a big energy.
>> Wow.
>> So yeah, it'll express
itself in a very different way.
Again, however it is my brain
in this culture translates
that kind of an energy will
be the way that it processes
through me and comes
out to represent
what I'm feeling that
energy is, but it just
happens automatically.
>> And it's always usually
Bashar facilitating those
connections.
>> He facilitates it.
Yeah.
Because I'm familiar with
him now after 36 years,
so it's easier for something
else to come through,
if he provides the pathway.
Because he's the link to my end,
and he's the link to their end.
And so I recognize what
he's doing on my end,
and that way, whatever
new is coming through
doesn't feel so unusual anymore.
It's like smoothing it out.
>> Right, and during this
30 plus years of channeling,
obviously, you just said,
you've been incorporating
the teachings and making
them a part of your life,
as I think everyone--
well, not everyone,
but everyone who listens
to Bashar-- it works, guys,
trust me.
I've been doing it too--
but how about like your
intuitiveness and your--
>> Oh, yeah, definitely.
>> --that too?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
I get these like psychic
hits all the time
about something that's
supposed to-- especially
while I'm driving.
>> Oh, OK.
I'll know exactly when someone's
going around that corner
or step off or what
the car is going to do,
whether they're
signaling or not.
It's just, it just opens
up a whole new sense
of being connected
to other things.
>> Right.
>> And I can start to
read those energies.
Now, I don't always
listen, because I'm not
used to exactly recognizing
all of them yet,
because they're
usually very subtle.
But I usually find that, if
I have a passing thought that
feels a certain way, that
something's going to happen
or I should take this
with me or do something,
it usually always comes out to
be that I should have done it.
>> Right.
>> So I'm starting to recognize,
OK, that's the difference.
That's one of those.
It's not just my own
thought about something.
It's one of those moments, where
I'm reaching out with my senses
and able to tell like there's
a leading edge of a wave coming
that I'm reading that means
this is about to manifest
in physical reality,
because everything happens
in energy first.
>> Right.
>> So it definitely has
increased my sensitivity
to those kinds of
things, and of course,
it just increased my own
capacity for creativity
and inspiration.
>> Getting into that flow state.
>> Yeah.
Absolutely, in the zone.
>> In the zone, perfect.
During this 30 plus
years of doing this work,
have you ever thought about
throwing in the towel,
quitting?
>> No, not really.
I know that my life goes through
different cycles, where I've
channeled more or channeled
less for different reasons,
and I know that there is,
for lack of a better term,
an expiration date to
this at some point.
I don't exactly
know when that is.
I know that the
channeling will evolve,
and especially if I start
talking more as myself,
there might be less need
for it in its present form.
And of course, if they do in
fact in the near future come
here physically and
have open contact,
there would be no point, because
you can just talk to him.
So why would I need
to channel him?
>> That's going to be season
five of "Interview with ED."
>> We'll see.
I don't know when,
but yeah, so there
are reasons why it
wouldn't continue this way,
but they'll happen in
their own natural timing.
And of course,
they've done this,
and they know what
they're doing.
So whatever it is that is the
timing for them also factors
into the timing for
us, because they know
how long it's supposed to take.
>> So you're just
going with the flow.
>> Yeah.
>> And just if it wants to
keep coming through you,
you're being that
open conduit channel?
>> Well, yeah.
>> Yeah.
Cool.
Have you been following
the recent developments
in the disclosure movement,
as far as the ATIP program--
>> Yes, some.
>> --and "The New
York Times" and such?
>> I have followed some of it.
>> Anything to say
on that and take?
>> I know it will happen
at some point in some way,
and I think it is
beginning to happen.
There has been more
information that
has been being released,
bits and pieces.
>> The videos and the--
>> Videos that are being
verified by the Navy and other
people that are theoretically
usually taken seriously.
>> Right.
>> And I know there are people
on the inside of it that are
trying to get it outside.
>> Right.
>> But again, I'm not
really worried about it,
because I know that it'll
happen in its own good timing.
And of course, the
more people absorb
the kind of information that
Bashar and others brings
through will help accelerate it.
So again, I just trust
the timing of it.
>> Do you get a little sense
of validation over the years?
>> A little.
>> The Bashar material
coming through,
and then now we're actually
seeing in the news every week.
>> Yeah, a little bit.
It's nice to get
the confirmation,
especially if he's talked
about certain kinds of physics
principles and stuff
like that years ago,
and I see an article or
something about physicists now
saying exactly the same thing.
>> Right.
Right.
>> So that helps keep me
in a sense of knowing that
it's on track, and so that's
nice to get that confirmation
from time to time.
Sure.
>> Great.
Do you have any--
well, I know you probably
follow the formula,
so you don't have expectations.
>> Not insistence.
>> Insistences on the
outcome of contact happening
in our lifetimes?
>> I believe so.
>> Yeah?
>> I believe so, because the
energy I get from him is that,
from their perspective,
it's relatively imminent.
>> Right.
>> Now, what imminent means to
him and what it means to us,
we can be a little
impatient about it.
It's like, it should
happen next year.
But yes, I think
within our lifetimes
is a reasonable assumption
that it will appear.
>> Perfect, and
finally, I don't know,
we've already answered this,
but if you have any other words
to say, who is Darryl Anka?
>> He's just a guy who
does this thing really.
>> Channeling
inter-dimensional beings.
>> I'm an artist.
I'm just someone
who is exploring
different aspects of myself
and consciousness and reality.
I'm fascinated by these things,
and this is just what happened.
It's that old sort of
chestnut of the basic form
of a story in a film,
an ordinary person who
an extraordinary
thing happened to.
And so I've just gone
with it, because I
understand that that's
just my life unfolding,
and that's who I am.
>> Well, we're glad you're here.
We're glad you're grounding
this information in.
You seem very grounded,
like an everyday guy
that I can go have a
hamburger with or vegan
burger, Impossible Burger
or something, right?
>> Yes, or a beer.
>> Or a beer, I was going
to say a beer, and yeah,
appreciate everything you're
doing in this community.
>> Thank you, and you as well.
Appreciate the opportunity
to talk about this
in these kinds of venues.
So thank you.
>> Awesome.
Thank you very much,
look forward to more.
>> My pleasure.
>> Sweet.
Hugs?
Yay.
All right.
Awesome.
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, everybody.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Everything is one thing.
You, us, everything
within existence
are reflections of one
intelligence, one existence,
one self-awareness.
The idea, therefore,
is that once
you have this sense
of self, by creating
a sense of an other-than
self, you instantly
develop and expand into the idea
of the structure of existence,
the nature of existence.
Then, you can
perpetuate everything
you experience from
that point forward
as reflections of all that is.
This leads to the
idea of the five,
what we have called the five
laws, which are as follows.
You exist.
There is nothing you
can do to change that.
Everything is here and now.
There is nothing you
can do to change that.
The one is all.
The all are one,
as we have said.
There is nothing you
can do to change that.
What you put out is
what you get back.
There is nothing you
can do to change that,
and the fifth law is everything
changes except the laws.
There is nothing you
can do to change that.
Everything is here
and now which means
that space and time, distance
are illusions, your illusions.
Time is a side effect of
your consciousness shifting
through billions of different
parallel versions of reality
every single second.
Your fundamental, essential,
vibrational, signature
frequency is already
attracting every single thing
that is relevant for you
that you truly need in life.
You don't have to learn
to attract what you need.
Be the vibration that you prefer
in alignment with your truth,
and let go of the
things that are blocking
what it is that your
truth is attracting,
and you will flow and manifest
in an accelerated way.
You exist, and you
cannot stop existing,
because existence is
your fundamental quality.
You can never
become nonexistent.
You can change and change
and change and change,
but you can never
become nonexistent.
Why?
Because by definition,
nonexistence doesn't exist.
Think about it.
We extend to you our
deep appreciation
in allowing us this transmission
and sharing with you.
We thank you and bid you all
a fun and exciting good day.
[MUSIC PLAYING]